this is the beginners JavaScript course
you are looking for my name is Bo Carnes
and I'm with freak ok org in this full
JavaScript course you will learn
everything you need to know to get
started with JavaScript this course is
perfect for beginners or anyone that
just wants a refresher on basic
JavaScript syntax this course actually
goes along with the free code kappa or
javascript curriculum so if you want
some live coding challenges to go along
with every part of this course you can
check the link in the description to
that curriculum but this is a completely
standalone video so you don't need to go
through freako Kappa org but it could be
helpful also after this course you're
going to want to complete some or build
some JavaScript projects so I have a
link in the description to some project
tutorials but then after event you're
going to want to create some project on
your own that's how you really learn
JavaScript you have to create things
without even going through the tutorial
and just use a search engine to find the
things that you don't know or need to
learn to go along with the free code
camp curriculum I have all the es6 stuff
in the second part of this course and
that's pretty much it
let's learn some JavaScript
so how exactly do you install JavaScript
well for the most part you don't
actually all web browsers can run
JavaScript which is great cuz a lot of
devices have web browsers on them so
when you write something with JavaScript
it will run on all sorts of devices and
operating systems so you have a few
options for writing JavaScript let me
show you a few things you can do to
follow along with this course you could
download a code editor here I have
sublime text you could also use Visual
Studio code or atom or any code editor
and I've created an HTML file because
HTML files can be open in web browsers
and I have these script tags these are
HTML tags but within our script tags we
have our JavaScript so if I open up this
file in a web browser it looks like this
well I can open up my JavaScript console
and then in the console you can see it
says hello world that's right from my
JavaScript program so whenever you
console that log is gonna show in the
console here you could also just use the
code editor that's included on free code
camp org like I mentioned this course
follows along with the JavaScript